“Coffee makes us strong, calm and wise” – Jonathan Swifl
“Every morning when I wake up, without a cup of coffee, I feel tasteless!” – Napoleon
Someone said: “Coffee is not a peaceful pleasure like tea, nor is it as strong and violent as alcohol. Gentle drinkers think that coffee is the link between joy and sadness. For those who are depressed, coffee is as tormenting as a music with many silences. As for the followers of the coffee cult, it is the woman with the charm in her…”
“Many people, unable to stand the bitter taste of coffee, often omit sugar or milk to make it less bitter. I don't put sugar or milk in my coffee because I know: you have to taste the bitterness to feel the sweetness. Even though I continue to drink bitter coffee, I am not discouraged by its sweet aftertaste.” – Bunny
With each drop of coffee, time seemed to stop.
I love morning coffee, the road is full of yellow leaves ♫ ♬
A cup of coffee drunk in the morning brings a great euphoria that no other cup of coffee either afternoon or evening can create.
Drink coffee to understand, to know, to love… Good coffee is the coffee you drink that feels good, no matter how famous the coffee elsewhere is, it's not as good as your so-called coffee. Wood coffee or flavored coffee, each has its own flavor. Delicious in that the person enjoys, the taste of the person enjoys it, the first time enjoying (not drinking) is very strange, like discovering a friend, a soul, discovering the sweetness, the strong taste, discovering yourself. does it fit or not...
Coffee has become a delicacy for everyone's soul, people who look to coffee when they have concerns and concerns, people who look to coffee as a source of creative inspiration at work, people who look to coffee for inspiration. Coffee is simply a way of enjoying life!
“Add a little sugar to sweeten the coffee?
A little more love, do we belong together? "
Coffee should be black as hell, bitter as death and sweet as love...
“My mom used to take a sip every time she made my dad’s coffee to make sure it wasn’t too hot or too cold. It's love” – Danny, age 7
Men are like coffee because if it's good, it will make you sleepless!
