Add a little sugar to sweeten the coffee? A little more love, do we belong together?
Love is like a cup of coffee without sugar, going through so many bitterness of thorns will return with a sweet taste.
When love blooms, love is beautiful and romantic. It is the excitement that trembles the heart, the vibration of anticipation, the anticipation, the freshness full of joy. It's sweet, mild, pleasant in every moment like a cup of cappuccino. Capuchino with a lot of foam, lightly sweet, fully blends the typical flavor of coffee with the sweetness and aroma of milk. Easy-to-drink capuchino brings people a beautiful light feeling with unique and impressive cappuccino cups painted with milk foam. In a cup of cappuccino, men are coffee and women are milk foam. The two things blend together like passionately in love.
When meeting, flirting with boys and girls for coffee as an excuse to meet. When they fell in love, they used coffee as an excuse to find a place to stop, just sitting together, talking a few stories, it became a happy date regardless of summer or winter.
Who does not want love like a cup of sweet milk coffee, easy to drink with ice, cool, hot drink, warm stomach, comfortable. Milk coffee is familiar, does not require much effort in preparation, but the taste is no less than anyone else's. But there is love like black coffee. That black coffee? It is simple but persistent, strong and faithful love.
My heart has been broken for a long time, even if it breaks again, it's okay. Coffee, please be more bitter, I'm used to it, so what can I do.
Men are like coffee, because if it's good, it will make you sleepless.
Is it bitter to see me now in someone else's arms, an arm that should have been you? Is it bittersweet to be happy right in front of you, then lose your heart in just a while waiting for the coffee to drop?
Drink a cup of coffee, if you find it bitter, you can add more sugar and accept to lose some of its flavor, if not, don't drink it. When you fall in love, if you find that in addition to joy, there are still sufferings and sorrows, you can try to accept it as a matter of course, if not, don't love.
